Now we're almost done with this module.
One thing is missing though a way to log out.
We don't have debt.
Now where do we at this lock out functionality.
I would go to my Edmon main page here where I have the button to create a new post next to it.
I'll simply add a new button where I say log out.
Now it is of course just one way you can use a different way but this is a quick and easy way of adding
such a functionality upon a click.
I want to trigger on a log out this function and this function therefore should now be handled in this
indexed view file.
Now to do that I'll add a methods property and handle on log out here and then on log out I want to
dispatch a to be created action Det.
Guess what locks to use are out.
So something like this stored dispatch log out.
That's the idea for that I'll go to the store now in next chance in the store folder.
And let's add this log out functionality.
So here all ADD does log out action.
And I as always get X context here.
And then actually I simply want to commit the clear token method the clear token notation.
I should say because I want to remove the token from the store if we log out now with sites dead.
I also want to unset a token at the expiration date and the cookie.
So here is the cookie.
I also want to call remove token and cookie remove token expiration or I name that expiration date I
guess yeah.
So I removed that
and the token was called JWT and all cleared for local storage.
So local storage remove item.
And here we stored the token a token key or with the token key and the expiration with token expiration.
So I want to clear the token key from local storage and I also want to remove the item with the token
expiration from local storage.
So I'm cleaning up my local storage and cooking too besides my local state.
This new log Lagat function is actually a great function to call in other places where we use clear
tokens.
So essentially here if we check whether we do have a valid token or an expired one.
So here I can call you x context dispatch log out simply.
This will then bundle all these functionalities and clean everything up.
With that in place let's save this and let's go back to the application let's quickly log in to should
still work hopefully.
And we can't let you get around as we did before so this should still work.
But now we get that log out button here sitting next to create post.
We can work on the styling here.
But let's now click log out and now if I try to go somewhere else and redirected.
Obviously I want to get redirected instantly.
So we go back to index the view.
And besides dispatching log out all reach out to my router and so simply push me back to admin of your
immediately so that I'm redirected to the log in page if I'm logging out.
And we wanted to fix the styling here because the button is sitting right next to Deandra button.
Now what we can do is we can simply add a quick and dirty margin left 10 pixels here.
As a style styles are passed down to the button so we can add it to our custom component.
And with that if we try this again and we quickly log in.
Now this looks better.
And now we can again still navigate around at some exclamation marks your safeties see it here all working
go there again.
So that's looking great.
We can also of course temporarily go back to our main area and click around here and then go back to
the admin area and we should still be locked in.
But if I click log out now this does not work.
I can still go back to my main area though.
But if I go back to the Edmon area again I end up here.
So this is all working.
And if we expect our view store here we see clear token was dispatched and our current status doesn't
have one.
So that's all working.
That's the authentic part finished for now and I hope you'll learn useful things about how authentication
can work and on which things or ideas you can build up on and refine does for your requirements and
your EP.